Add Apple Pay Overview (#356)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/guides/apple-pay/overview.mdx

In this page, we will explore Apple Pay concepts and take a deep dive on how it works. If you are looking for hands-on guides, check out the [Merchant Setup](/docs/guides/apple-pay/setup) and [Accept Payments](/docs/guides/apple-pay/accept) pages we prepared for you.

## Glossary

- **FPAN**: Funding Primary Account Number. This is the physical or virtual card number, or just "PAN".
- **DPAN**: Device Primary Account Number. Apple's equivalent to a Network Token. Also known as  "DAN" or "Application PAN".
- **BIN**: Bank Identifier Number. The first 8 digits of a card number. These are usually preserved when generating DPANs from FPANs.
- **Apple Pay Token**: [payment token object](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/passkit/apple_pay/payment_token_format_reference) issued by the device upon user approval via biometric authentication (Face ID or Touch ID). It carries transaction information, including an encrypted form of the DPAN and transaction cryptogram.
- **Issuer**: bank or bank-sponsored financial institution that issues the payment card to the cardholder and is responsible for approving transactions

> - **Acquirer**: bank or bank-sponsored entity that will

Reviewer: **Acquirer** definition is incomplete.

> - **Acquirer**: bank or bank-sponsored entity that will

Author: ```suggestion
- **Acquirer**: bank or bank-sponsored entity that is responsible for processing credit or debit card transactions on behalf of merchants, facilitating the transfer of funds from the customer's account to the merchant's account.
```

- **TSP**: Token Service Provider are entities registered with EMVCo to generate unique replacement values for PANs, aka "tokens". In many cases, these are the Card Networks.
- **Secure Element**: Industry-standard certified chip present in Apple hardware, such as iPhones, iPads, Apple Watch, etc.

## Adding Card to Apple Wallet

Adding a card to Apple Wallet can either be done by manually adding card details using Apple Wallet UI or using apps that can automatically add cards to the user's wallet - also known as push-provisioning.

> Regardless of the method, when a user adds a card to Apple Pay, many systems are involved into ensuring that the sensitive cardholder data is protected and ready to use when it is time to process transactions.

Reviewer: "many systems are involved into ensuring that the sensitive cardholder data"
Should that be "many systems are involved ~~into~~ *in* ensuring that the sensitive cardholder data"? I don't know, "into" sounds incorrect to me.
